Verifying that no orders have been placed on the brackets beforehand (#196)
gnosis/dex-liquidity-provision: scripts/README.md

Setup the following env variables for the deployment process:

```

>  export PK=<your private key for the proposer account>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 export PK=<private key of proposer account>  \\ Note that the additional space at the beginning excludes this command from your bash history.
```
